the Internet is littered with movie
trailer parodies and mashups but not in
India cuz here studios get grumpy and
take these parodies down for example
disgrace to in November a I be decided
to have fun with a trailer mashup fourth
um three respectful of Yash Rogers
copyright over the trailer we made
multiple requests to Yash Raj offered to
modify jokes and even let them make
money off our video we just had one
request please don't ban the video just
let it exists but Yash Raj told us had
dropped the idea completely and never
bring it up again and then they alerted
their anti-piracy cell so the following
song straight from the heart is
dedicated to grumpy ol Bollywood
give me a second I need to get my story
straight
we made a Dhoom 3 trailer smooth but yes
ride shut on its faith we went to ask
permission and it turned into a farce
they told us up the idea cuz of the
streetcars we've enough to change some
jobs something your ego could digest
it's just a silly a parody imitation is
just flattery why don't you guys just
get that you're a billion dollar giant
and with your stupid clowns you own this
Oh
lighter
yah
listen what you say
just right now I know that this is a
Bollywood
Dizzy's we don't know why you cry what's
up with his filmy menopause it's just a
job just a bloody silly talk
it's just a signature
sonson
let's make your cry
presses
dude how can you use a Bollywood
ringtone it beats the point of this
sketch I've paid for this ringtone man
they have my money
please
Molly what the - a little
so never just a mess and you wanna take
it down
go ahead we won't be surprised
this video for free speech closet will
be fun - what
yes receipt if they decided to sue us
all you bloody
save us please hit subscribe to watch
some more videos we make
cause every other ring
this video was kinda risky just hoping
it was worth the sweaty nut jetties